Yeah, I just like you.
Is there something wrong?
OK
You like me, it's your freedom.
But I tell you clearly
I don't like you.
Do you like Wang Xueyun?
I don't like him either.
In my heart, Xiaoxue is the only one
Who are you kidding? I don't believe it.
Huangyan
I only said this once today
Stop trying to provoke my relationship with Xiaoxue
Otherwise, don't blame me for turning my face and not recognizing people
You threaten me?
I'm threatening you.
I can make the royal family develop rapidly
I can also make royalty age rapidly
You have to believe
I have this ability
As you wish
Wife, I am Lin Yi
I know you have nothing to do with that secretary
It's Huangyan
i
Wife
Don't worry, I'll make it clear to him.
If he pesters again
I will let him know the consequences.